Added a small explanation about streams in client.rst. (#16)
eProsima/Micro-XRCE-DDS-docs: docs/client.rst

    This value corresponds to the `Maximun Transmission Unit` able to send and receive by Serial.
    Internally a buffer is created proportional to this size.

Streams
-------
The client communication is performed by streams.

> The streams can be seen as a communication chanels.

Reviewer: `chanels` -> `channels`

There are two types of streams: best effort and reliable streams and you can create several of them.

- Best effort streams will send and receive the data leaving the reliability to the transport layer.

>   For that, the best effort streams consume less resources than a reliable stream.

Reviewer: `less` -> `fewer`

>   For that, the best effort streams consume less resources than a reliable stream.

Reviewer: `For that` -> `As a result`,

- Reliable streams perform the communication without lost regardless of the transport layer.

>   To archive this, the reliable streams use aditional messages to confirm the delivery, along to a history of the messages sent and received.

Reviewer: `aditional` -> `additional`

>   The history is used for save the messages that have not been confirmed yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The history is used to save the messages that have not been confirmed yet.
```

>   A high history will reduce the data traffic of confirmation messages in a transport with high lost rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A high history will reduce the data traffic of confirmation messages in transports with a high loss rate.
```

>   A high history will reduce the data traffic of confirmation messages in a transport with high lost rate.

Reviewer: Further clarification on history and how it affects the application, is recommended.

Author: Added 2-3 lines explained how it works deeper.

>   This implies that a reliable stream is more expensive than a best effort streams, in both, memory and bandwidth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This implies that a reliable stream is more expensive than best effort streams, in both, memory and bandwidth.
```

The streams are maybe the highest memory load part of the application.

> For that, choose a great configuration for the application purpose is highly recommendable, especially when the target is a low level resource device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For that, the choice of a right configuration for the application purpose is highly recommendable, especially when the target is a limited resources device.
```

> For that, choose a great configuration for the application purpose is highly recommendable, especially when the target is a low level resource device.

Reviewer: A link or explanation on the streams' configuration could be helpful at this point.

Author: The link is in the next line: 131.

    This value corresponds to the `Maximun Transmission Unit` able to send and receive by Serial.
    Internally a buffer is created proportional to this size.

Streams
-------
The client communication is performed by streams.
The streams can be seen as communication channels.
There are two types of streams: best effort and reliable streams and you can create several of them.

- Best effort streams will send and receive the data leaving the reliability to the transport layer.
  As a result, the best effort streams consume fewer resources than a reliable stream.

- Reliable streams perform the communication without lost regardless of the transport layer.
  To avoid message losses, the reliable streams use additional messages to confirm the delivery, along to a history of the messages sent and received.

>   The history is used to storage messages that can no be currently processed because of the delivery order, or must be send again if the message can not be confirmed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The history is used to store messages that can not be currently processed because of the delivery order or must be sent again if the message can not be confirmed.
```

Author: Fixed!

Reviewer: It was really solved? I can't see any change.

>   If the history is full, all messages written to the agent or received from the agent will be discarded, and must be requested later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the history is full, all messages sent to the agent or received from the agent will be discarded and must be requested later.
```

Author: I know the lack of paralelism between `written` and `received` words, but the messages are discarded at writing phase (over the stream), before send them. The user must check that the message has been written in the stream, because the stream can be full.

Author: I re-wrote the paragraph for better understanding

>   For that, a low history causes that more messages to be discarted, increasing the data traffic beacusen they need to be sent again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For that, a short history causes that more messages to be discarded, increasing the data traffic because they need to be sent again.
```

>   A high history will reduce the data traffic of confirmation messages in transports with a high loss rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A long history will reduce the data traffic of confirmation messages in transports with a high loss rate.
```

    Internally a buffer is created proportional to this size.

Streams
-------
The client communication is performed by streams.
The streams can be seen as communication channels.
There are two types of streams: best effort and reliable streams and you can create several of them.

* Best effort streams will send and receive the data leaving the reliability to the transport layer.
  As a result, the best effort streams consume fewer resources than a reliable stream.

* Reliable streams perform the communication without lost regardless of the transport layer.
  To avoid message losses, the reliable streams use additional messages to confirm the delivery, along to a history of the messages sent and received.
  The history is used to storage messages that can no be currently processed because of the delivery order, or must be send again if the message can not be confirmed.
  If the history is full:

  * The messages that will be written to the agent will be discarded until the history get space to store them.
    So, the user must wait to write in those streams (they can be considered blocked).

  * The messages received from the agent will be discarded.

>     The library will treat to recovery the discarded messages requests them to the agent (increasing the bandwidth consumption in that process).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The library will treat to recover the discarded messages requesting them to the agent (increasing the bandwidth consumption in that process).
```

Author: Added

>     The library will treat to recover the discarded messages requesting them to the agent (increasing the bandwidth consumption in that process).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The library will try to recover the discarded messages requesting them to the agent (increasing the bandwidth consumption in that process).
```

>   For that, a low history causes that more messages to be discarted, increasing the data traffic beacusen they need to be sent again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For that, a low history causes more messages to be discarded, increasing the data traffic because they need to be sent again.
```

Author: Added
